several aircraft parked on airfields .
next to the airport is empty .
rectangular eight aircraft parked at the airport .
is surrounded by land, and industrial area .
some planes are parked near many buildings in an airport .
The white beach is close to the sea with many white waves.
The white sand beach is close to the sea with many white waves.
The white beach is located near the sea with many white waves.
The white beach is located near the sea with many white waves.
The white beach is located near the sea with many white waves.
several planes are in runway while many other planes are next to four terminals in an airport .
Four towers side by side.
A road cut across the airport .
Next to a gray building stood neat airplanes .
The four spires are side by side.
Six white planes stopped at the airport.
six runways were built near the airport .
There are six planes at the airport.
There are six planes in the airport.
Six white planes stopped at the airport.
an airport with one planes .
the airport is not very big .
The plane was parked near the airport parking lot.
There is a plane parked near the airport parking lot.
an airport with only one planes .
Five white planes docked on the shore of the sparkling water.
Five white planes docked at the sparkling water.
Five white planes face the white building.
Five white planes are facing a white building.
Five white planes were parked on the sparkling shore of the sea.
The baseball field and ground track are close to the parking lot and two red-roofed houses.
The baseball field and the ground court are located near the parking lot and two red-roofed houses.
the red baseball field is between a playground and a parking lot .
the baseballfield alongside a straight road is near two houses and a track .
a baseball field is semi-surrounded by some green trees and two buildings near a road .
Many planes were parked on both sides of the large airport building.
Many planes were parked on the green lawn .
Five planes circled the round church .
Next to the road is an airport with lots of planes parked there .
Many planes were parked on both sides of a large building at the airport.
There is a bridge on the river, there are many green trees on the bridge, and there are many green trees on the island.
There is a bridge on the river, there are many green trees on the bridge, and there are also many green trees on the island.
There is a bridge on the river, there are many green trees on the bridge, and there are many green trees on the island.
There is a bridge on the river, there are many green trees on the bridge, and there are many green trees on the island.
There is a bridge on the river, there are many green trees on the bridge, and there are many green trees on the island.
The stadium is adjacent to the square.
The Big Stick Stadium is adjacent to the square.
Three baseball fields are adjacent to the square.
Three baseball fields are adjacent to a square.
A big baseball field and two baseball fields are next to each other .
The discarded soil leakage looks very uneven.
The bare, leaking soil looks very uneven.
Several trees were planted on the uneven surface.
Several trees were planted on the rugged land.
Several trees were planted on the uneven ground.
A large number of cars were parked near the airport plain.
many of the planes were docked on the wide .
Some planes were parked near several buildings with airport parking lots.
Some planes were parked near several buildings with parking lots at the airport.
There are a lot of cars parked near the airport plain.
Curved sand contains foam oceans.
A sea of curved sand containing foam.
A straight road passes through the long vegetation on the sand.
The straight road passes through the long vegetation belt on the sand.
A straight road passes through a long strip of vegetation on a piece of sand.
many of the planes were docked on the wide .
a white big plane are on the runway .
Dozens of planes were parked at E-airport.
Dozens of planes stopped at E-airport.
Dozens of planes stopped at E-shaped airport.
We can see the parking lot and some buildings around the baseball field.
We can see a parking lot and several buildings around the baseball stadium.
A departmental baseball field near parking lots and highways.
the baseballfield is sit alongside a parking lot .
Parking lots and fan-shaped baseball fields near highways.
Several cars were parked on the road on the bank of the green pond.
Several cars were parked on the road by the green pond.
Green ponds and white buildings are separated by roads.
The green pond and the white building are separated by a road
Green ponds and white buildings are separated by streets.
Dozens of white cars were parked on the edge of the bare field.
Several gray houses surrounded the bare land.
Several gray houses surround the bare ground.
Dozens of white cars were parked in a bare field.
Dozens of white cars were parked on the edge of the empty field.
There is a square island in the dark blue sea.
On the dark blue sea, there is a square island.
Some green trees and beaches are next to a big green ocean.
Some green trees and beaches are next to a large green ocean.
Some green trees and beaches are adjacent to a large area of green sea.
The boundary of the wave is zigzag.
The wave boundary is zigzag.
a white beach between thr jungle and the dark sea .
a woods is on the one hand of the beach  while the water is on the other hand .
white waves and yellow beach are between green ocean and many plants .
Quiet dark green sand beach and light yellow sand side by side.
The quiet dark green beach is next to the pale yellow sand.
Quiet dark green sand beaches are adjacent to yellowish sand beaches.
Quiet dark green beaches are adjacent to pale yellow beaches.
Quiet dark green sand beach and yellow sand side by side.
The bridge is on the green river.
A bridge over the green river.
A bridge across a green river.
The bridge over the river is green.
A bridge over a green river.
Khaki Beach is next to the green sea and white waves.
Khaki beaches close to the green sea and white waves.
Khaki Beach is adjacent to green oceans and white waves.
Khaki Beach is beside the green sea with white waves.
Khaki Beach is beside the green sea with white waves.
The green boat sat quietly on one side of the thin bridge.
Green ships sail on the dark blue sea and carry goods in the harbor.
A small green boat was floating on the dark blue sea, carrying the goods from the port.
The green boat sat quietly by the thin bridge.
A small green boat floated on the dark blue sea, loading goods at the port.
All four baseball fields are near the football field.
Four baseball fields are close to the football field.
In the four baseball fields, there are some white and red houses.
There are several white and red houses in the middle of the four baseball fields.
There are some red and white houses in the middle of the four baseball fields.
Near the yellow beach, there is a green ocean and white waves.
Near the yellow beach, there is a green ocean with white waves.
Near the yellow beach is a green ocean of white waves.
Near the yellow beach is a green ocean with white spray.
Near the yellow beach, there is a green ocean with white waves.
The two bridges are on the river. There are many green trees and several buildings on both sides of the river.
The two straight bridges on the river look beautiful.
The two straight bridges across the river look beautiful.
The two bridges are located on a river with many green trees and several buildings on both sides of the river.
The two bridges are on a river. There are many green trees and buildings on both sides of the river.
There is a bridge on the river with green trees and roads.
Curved bridges connect the prosperity of rivers.
A curved bridge connects the lush banks of the river.
There is a bridge on the river, lined with green trees and smooth roads.
There is a bridge on the river, lined with green trees and criss-crossing roads.
There is a wide path around the bare land.
The bare ground was covered with blue roofs.
The bare land was covered with blue roofs.
There is a wide road around the bare land.
There is a wide road around the bare earth.
Many planes were parked next to four rectangular light yellow buildings.
Many planes were parked beside four light yellow rectangular buildings.
Several planes stopped beside the light yellow rectangular building.
Next to the four light yellow buildings is a green lawn.
Next to the four pale yellow buildings is a green lawn.
The white waves of the green ocean approach the yellow beach.
The waves beat against the breakwater.
The waves hit the breakwater.
The white waves of the green ocean near the yellow beach.
The white waves of the green ocean cling to the yellow sand beach.
You have three cars in the biggest baseball field.
the baseball field consists of a large lawn .
The four baseball fields on different sides are all close to some green trees.
Four baseball fields on different sides are close to the green trees.
There are three cars in your biggest baseball field.
The big waves beat against the flat yellow sand beach.
The big wave beat on the flat yellow beach.
an arc coast line separate the sea and the beach .
The huge waves beat against the flat yellow beach.
The big wave hit a flat yellow beach.
The three white planes were crowded and turned to the gray room.
four white big plane are on the runway .
Three white planes crowded together facing the gray room.
Three white planes crowded together, facing the gray room.
The runway of the plane spanned the lawn .
There is a dry pond in the middle of the red field.
There is a dry pond in the middle of a red field.
A red field was bare .
The black pond is in the middle of an open land.
The black pond is in the middle of the clearing.
This is a bridge and some buildings.
the roads are grey, the trees are green and the water is blue .
A bridge on Heihe River has many green plants and is close to several buildings.
There are many green plants near a bridge across Heihe River and several buildings.
This is a huge bridge and some buildings.
Strong silver buildings are located beside a parking lot full of cars.
A solid silver building is next to a parking lot full of cars.
Two white planes slowly passed the silver square building.
Two white planes passed slowly over the silver square building.
There is a blue lake near the airport .
There is a black road in the sand.
There is a black winding road in the sand.
There is a black winding road in the sands .
On the right side of the beach are green plants and on the left is the blue sea.
The beach on the right is green with plants, and the sea on the left is rippling.
A wasteland was littered with green bacterial colonies.
The wasteland was littered with green dots of bacterial colonies.
The wasteland was littered with green spotted bacterial colonies.
the half of the bareland has many dark green grassland with crossing roads and  the smaller half is just dirt .
it is a piece of gray green bareland .
The white undulating sea is close to the beach with many rocky mounds.
The white sea is close to the beach with many rocky hills.
A sea of white waves, near a beach with many rocky hills.
The sea of white waves is close to the beach with many rocky mounds.
A white wavy ocean is near a beach and there are many rocky hills.
The gray y-shaped buildings are especially conspicuous.
The gray Y-shaped building is especially striking.
Beside the gray road, the airport was packed with planes.
Next to the gray road is an airport full of planes.
The two roads were lined with white planes .
the parking apron next to weblike runways with grassy fields has several planes and a star like building standing on it .
the parking apron next to weblike runways with grassy fields 
a polygon airport with long and narrow take off runway .
the irregular shaped passenger termial building sits alongside paralleled runways .
some planes are near a building in an airport with a parking lot and several runways .
this is a tract of bareland with some striped trace and two rectangular mounds .
There are two narrow shapes on the bare ground.
There are two narrow shapes on the bare earth.
this bareland looks neat and flat with several dirt roads on it .
it is a piece of gray green bareland .
There are rocks on the beach.
There is a stone on the beach.
a beach with some rocks and dark green sea .
the neat and flat beach has a grassland at its coner .
a piece of yellow beach is near a piece of green ocean with white waves .
There are some black balls of cotton thread in the sea.
There is a black cotton-like substance in the sea.
a beach between some blocks and the epinephelos sea .
black water and blue water meagers with each oter .
a line of white waves is between a beach with a building and an ocean .
The green sea looks calm.
The Green Sea is calm.
The green sea felt clear .
The emerald sea stirred up waves on the pale yellow sand.
The emerald sea rippled on the pale yellow sand.
several planes in different sizes are next to a terminal in an airport .
Two pure white planes were paired with three small planes.
The five planes are separated by rectangular white buildings.
Five planes were separated by a rectangular white building.
Two pure white planes paired with three small planes.
a river flowing in the wasteland .
there are a few cars on the road wasteland .
There is a hillside surrounded by desert.
there are a few cars, there is no green .
There is a slope surrounded by desert.
The white plane pointed to a black and white T-shaped building.
The T-shaped building popped up a lot .
Two planes were parked next to two terminals of an airport.
The two planes were parked next to the two terminals of the airport.
The white plane pointed to the black and white T-shaped building.
A series of waves surged onto the beach.
A series of waves poured onto the beach.
a narrow beach between some trees and the sea with roaring waves .
fury white spoondrift pats the bank and there are woods inside the beach .
three lines of white waves in ocean are near a yellow beach and some green trees .
the polygonal baseball fields are next to some basketball playgrounds .
a baseball field and two other sports fields are lying among trees and buildings .
a polygon baseball field next to some basketball court .
the large lawn contains a baseballfield with several basketball courts besides it .
a baseball field is near several green trees and two basketball fields .
the narrow terminal building between some square buildings and runways has some planes parked along it .
the narrow terminal building between some square buildings and runways .
some planes stop in order in the red airport .
the long striped termial building sits alongside two runways .
a line of white planes are near a building in an airport with a parking lot and several runways .
two baseball fields forming into a semicircle is next to some small houses and a road .
between a road and a row of houses is two baseballfields with trees growing along their edges and roads .
some trees between two baseball field near some residence .
two baseballfields sit back to back surrounded by a road and a row of houses .
two baseball fields are near some green trees and a row of building .
This is apron, many planes, buildings and roads.
it is white planes, gray land and road, light brown buildings .
Seven planes were parked near the airport terminal.
Seven planes were parked at the airport terminal.
This is the apron, many planes, buildings and roads.
The sea is close to yellow beaches and some grass.
The sea is close to yellow sand beaches and grasslands.
A sea near a yellow beach and some grass.
The sea is close to yellow beaches and grasslands.
An ocean is near a yellow beach and some grass.
the fan shaped baseball field is surrounded by trees .
in the corner of the crossed road lies a baseballfield  beside which is a building and a parking lot .
a baseball field with spiral texture surrounded by many trees .
a fan shaped baseballfield is surrounded by rows of trees and roads .
a baseball field surrounded by some green trees is near a building and several cars .
The yellow beach is near a big pond.
The water near the beach seems to be polluted by its green color.
The water near the beach seems to be polluted by green.
The Yellow Beach is near a big pond.
A yellow beach by a big pond.
On one side of the two planes lying side by side is a white building
There are some vehicles around the two blue fuselage planes
On one side of the airport, there were two blue planes parked and the parking lot was full of cars.
On one side of the airport where the two blue planes were parked was a parking lot full of cars.
On the side of the airport where the two blue planes were parked, there was a parking lot full of cars.
There are many people on the beach.
There is a white submarine on the beach.
There is a white submarine by the sea.
Many people play by the sea.
There are many people playing on the beach here.
The sea was beating on the beach.
The sea beat against the beach.
some macadom between the brown sand and epinephelos sea .
seven items are on the beach and the water is brown .
white waves are between yellow beach and green ocean .
In one corner of the coastline, there is a narrow lateral field stretching out to the sea. There are some people on the beach.
At the corner of the coastline, there is a narrow edge that extends to the sea. The beach is full of people.
a corner of a beach with many people having a sunbath .
this beach with a lot of people playing on it has a stripe stretching out the sea .
some people are in a yellow beach near a green ocean .
the rectangular bareland is surrounded by three roads .
there is a bareland with a zigzag road around .
a square bareland surrounded by the highway .
a squared bareland is surrounded by roads .
three roads are near a piece of khaki bareland .
There are many lawns on both sides of the runway.
The plane is on the runway.
A plane is on the runway.
There are many lawns on both sides of the runway.
There are many lawns on both sides of the runway.
there are many trees around a meadow .
the grass is green with dark green with green trees .
Next to the baseball field are gray buildings and red rooms.
Next to the baseball field is a gray building and a red room.
There is a gray building and a red room beside a baseball field.
There is a road along the coast and a house on the other side.
There is a road along the coast and houses on the other side.
the confined ceach between the sea and a high way .
this beach sits alongside the road .
a yellow beach is between a road and a piece of ocean with white waves .
Many green planes have branches and bridges on both sides of the river.
There are many green planes on both sides of the river, with branches and a bridge.
Many green planes are on both sides of a river with branches and a bridge.
There are many green planes on both sides of the river, with branches and bridges.
Many green planes are on both sides of a river, with branches and bridges.
The red runway next to the playground is the black-and-white house next door.
The red runway next to the playground is the black and white house next to it.
A red track next to a small green playground
The playground beside the red runway is a forest.
Beside the playground, there is a forest on the red runway.
A playground and tennis court next to the trees
Two tennis courts of different sizes are located on one side of the vacant car park.
Two tennis courts of different sizes are located on one side of the empty parking lot.
On one side of the playground are green trees and on the other side are gray paths.
On one side of the playground are green trees and on the other side are gray roads.
There is a baseball field surrounded by parking lots, cars, paths, buildings, coconut trees and other trees.
There is a baseball field surrounded by parking lots with cars, paths, buildings, coconut trees and other trees.
a fanshaped baseball field with some street lamps nearby .
a fan shaped baseballfield sits beyond a road .
a baseball field is near two buildings and several cars and several cars .
the two drop shaped terminal buildings are surrounded by planes on the tarmac which is adjacent to a runway with four oval lawns in it .
the two drop shaped terminal buildings are surrounded by planes on the tarmac
some planes stop in  the drop shaped terminal and a wide runway .
the c shaped termial building sits on the apron which is alongside the runways .
some planes are near a building in an airport .
the building surrounded by aeroplanes is sandwiched between two airport runways is composed of an oval building and several narrow long buildings .
the building surrounded by aeroplanes is sandwiched between two airport runways .
a ball cactus shaped airport surrounded by the runway with some lawns .
a u shaped termial building is surrounded by runways .
many planes are parked around a large building in an airport with runways .
It was a rough yellow red clay.
It was a rugged, yellowish-red land.
It is a piece of uneven clay red clay.
It was an uneven yellow-red land.
It is an uneven, earthy land.
A narrow bridge spans a wide dark green river.
A narrow bridge extends over the broad dark green river.
A narrow bridge extends along a broad dark green river.
Four yachts parked side by side on the narrow bridge.
Four yachts moored side by side on a narrow bridge.
Clear sea water and quiet beaches.
The dark blue sea is beautiful.
The dark blue sea is very beautiful.
The dark blue sea is beautiful.
Clear sea and quiet beaches.
On the one hand is an open grassland, on the other hand is the intersection of two high-rise buildings.
On one side is the open grass, on the other side is the intersection of two skyscrapers.
On one side of the intersection was an empty piece of grass. On the other side are red and blue buildings.
There is an empty grass at the intersection. On the other side is a red and blue building.
A red and blue building sits on either side of an intersection
This is the coast.
it is blue-green sea and brown sandy beach .
The yellow beach is close to the blue ocean and the white waves.
The yellow beach is close to the blue sea and the white waves.
This is the coastline.
several airplanes are parked on four tarmacs lying beside airport runways and grassy fields .
several airplanes are parked on four tarmacs .
transversely flight strip and endways terminal .
there are three termial buildings sits alongside runways .
many planes are orderly in an airport with several runways .
there is an airport in one corner of two crossed roads  which has some planes parked near a star like building .
there are several planes staying on the tarmac between airport runways and terminal buildings .
three boarding gate surrounded by many planes .
the passenger termial building separated the landside and the airside .
some planes are parked in an airport with three large parking lots .
There are many cars on the bridge and there are rivers on the bridge.
The road turns here and connects with the bridge.
The road turns here and joins the bridge.
There are many cars on the bridge, which is on the river.
There are many cars running on a bridge, which is on a river.
a parking apron with a plane parked on and connected to a runway is lying on the bareland  near which there are some square buildings .
a parking apron with a plane parked on and connected to a runway is lying on the bareland .
the airport is between a runway and the farming land .
there is a simple termial building with two termial besides the apron which is connected to the runway .
a plane is near some buildings and a runway in an airport .
Some laterite has white and gray soil mulches, and some green, scattered soil.
The red and white countries seem to be very unequal.
The red and white ground looks very uneven.
Some red land is covered with white and gray land, and some green holes.
Part of the red land is covered with white and gray land, and there are also some green land and potholes.
there is a square terminal building with many orderly arranged aeroplanes around it on the tarmac  outside which is grassy field divided into several pieces by runways .
there is a square terminal building with many orderly arranged aeroplanes around it .
a dark green rectangle airport encircled by green flight strip .
the square shpaped complicated termial building is surrounded by runways .
many planes are parked in two sides of a building in an airport with several runways .
There are five houses of different colors next to the baseball field.
There are five houses of different colors beside a baseball field.
Gray, white and black houses are on one side of the baseball field.
Gray, white and black houses are located on one side of the baseball field.
There is a gray, white and black house on the other side of the baseball field.
The two-way bridge extends to the dark blue river.
The two-way bridge spans the dark blue river.
A two-way bridge spans a dark blue river.
Both sides of the river are partially restored vegetation.
There are fragments of partially restored vegetation on both sides of the river.
There is a gray house next to the baseball field.
There are several stadiums and plants near the baseball field.
There are several fields and plants around the fan-shaped baseball field.
There is a gray house beside the baseball field.
There is a gray house near the baseball field.
Two black box planes were parked on the gray ground.
Two black-fuselage planes were parked on the gray ground.
Two black planes were parked side by side on the gray ground.
Two black planes stopped side by side in the dust.
Two black planes were parked side by side on the dust.
There are not enough baseball fields, just next to some of the White House.
The baseball field, which is not smooth enough, is next to the White House.
The unpolished baseball field met the gray road.
An unpolished baseball field met a dark street.
The unpolished baseball field met the dark street.
The car stopped on one side of the bridge across the dark green river.
The car stopped by the dark green river bridge.
There is an island in the middle of the river under the bridge.
In the middle of the river, there is an island under the bridge.
There is a bare field on one side of the bridge .
There is a lot of rubble and waste in the wasteland.
the bareland is on the side of the land .
Some green trees and several buildings are near the bare ground.
Some green trees and several buildings close to khaki bare land.
There is a lot of rubble and waste on the wasteland.
terminal building and tarmac with airplanes are sandwiched by flight paths where several planes are slipping .
terminal building and tarmac with airplanes are sandwiched by flight paths 
some planes berth on the grey airport  which is like a zipper .
sqare termial buildings are separated by runways .
some planes are sparsely parked in an airport with many runways .
there are four baseball fields of different size .
along the road  there are three baseballfields and a sports ground decorated with white and black buildings .
four different size baseball field located back to back .
we can see four baseballfield with different sizes .
four baseball fields in different sizes are near several buildings and green trees .
Several trees grew on the reddish-brown ground .
some irregular line mark on the bareland while with some black plants besides .
some light brown land with some dark brown land besides .
some black plants on the bareland while with many irregular line mark on it .
several green trees are around a piece of bareland .
There is a huge beach in front of the vast ocean.
Some trees were planted on the beach.
Several trees were planted on the beach.
There is a vast beach in front of the vast ocean.
In front of the vast ocean, there is a huge beach.
several aeroplanes are on the parking apron  which is located between terminal building and weblike flight paths .
several aeroplanes are on the parking apron 
the black airport next to a black flight strip .
a passenger termial building near some buildings is alongside two runways .
several planes are sparsely parked near some buildings and runways .
There is an island between the dark blue sea and the light yellow beach.
Between the dark blue sea and the pale yellow beach, there is an island.
There is a gray house beside the pale yellow beach.
Beside the pale yellow beach is a gray house.
There is an island between the dark blue sea and the pale yellow beach.
The baseball field is close to a row of green trees and ponds.
The top of the baseball field is pure yellow.
The top of the baseball field is pure yellow.
The baseball field is close to a row of green trees and a pond.
A baseball field is close to a row of green trees and a pond.
The two tennis courts run across the sea
The two tennis courts are separated from the sea by road.
Small tennis courts and red runways beside the dark blue sea.
A small tennis court and a red runway near the dark blue sea.
A small tennis court and a red playground are adjacent to the dark blue sea.
A fender terminal was built between the squares surrounded by roads and a runway was built in the wild.
The Pleuigon Terminal is built between a square surrounded by roads and a runway built in the wild.
a square boarding gate next to the runway and some blocks .
a squared termial building sits beside an apron which is connceted to the runway .
three planes are near a white building in an airport with several runways .
On one side of the amusement park on the black runway is dense forest.
On one side of the playground on the black runway is a dense forest.
A field of thick trees was connected to a playground with a lake in the middle
Dense trees are connected to the playground, and there is a pond in the middle of the playground.
Lush tree connects to the playground, and there is a pond in the middle of the playground.
Some rocks are scattered on the beach and the bottom of the sea.
There are rocks on the beach and at the bottom of the sea.
many reef on the beach or in the sea .
several stones are on the edge of the beach and the water .
white waves are between green ocean and yellow beach with some scattered rocks .
the infields of five baseball fields form into a pentagon .
we can see five baseballfields surrounded by a circular road arranged together like a circle and some trees are planted along the road .
five baseball fields in the inner angles of a star .
this round sports park is devided as five fan shaped baseballfield .
five baseball fields are surrounded by a circle road with some green trees in two sides .
there is a fan shaped baseball field with a bushy tree in its corner .
there is a tree growing in one of the baseball field corner .
a fanshaped baseball field with some trees nearby .
it is a fan shaped baseballfield with trees on its coner .
two green trees are near a baseball field .
The waves of the sun are heading towards the golden beach.
the dark green trees besides the golden beach .
Many orderly little things on the yellow beach are located near the green ocean.
Many orderly little things on the yellow beach are close to the green sea.
The waves of the sun are galloping towards the golden beach.
The vegetation on the beach is red and blooms.
The vegetation on the beach is red and leafy.
the white wave between the sea and white beach with gravels .
this is a yellow sand beach with many dark brown items stained it inside .
a line of white waves is between yellow beach and green ocean .
On one side of a deep black river is a blue factory .
Blue boats, white boats and green boats are moored by the black river.
There were many cars parked on the bank of the river where the three boats were moored.
Many cars were parked on the bank of the river where three boats were moored.
Blue boats, white boats and green boats are anchored on one side of the black river respectively.
This is a big baseball stadium with a wide view.
This is a big baseball field with a wide view.
Next to the big ball stadium is a large forest.
There is a big forest beside the gymnasium.
The top of the baseball field is yellow .
the tarmac and airport runways divide the field into several orderly arranged rounded rectangles  next to which is buildings and a road .
the tarmac and airport runways divide the field into several orderly arranged rounded rectangles  .
a brown ground divided by the grey runway .
we can see a simple termial building and an apron connceted with runways .
some building with a parking lot are near an airport with several runways .
This is the coast.
it is blue-green sea, white spray, brown sandy beach and a brown wharf .
Beside the grayish yellow beach is a light blue ocean with white waves.
Beside the grayish yellow beach is a blue ocean with white waves.
This is the coastline.
the square main building here is surrounded by several radial buildings with aircrafts near them on a parking apron  on the periphery of which are runways and lawns .
the square main building here is surrounded by several radial buildings
a white terminal with many palnes .
a large passenger termial building is surrounded by runways .
many planes are parked near several terminals in an airport with parking lots and runways .
White waves between the yellow beach and the green ocean.
White waves between the yellow sand and the green sea.
White waves between yellow sand beaches and green oceans.
White spray between the yellow sand beach and the green sea.
White waves between the yellow sand beach and the green ocean.
Some green plants are scattered around the beach, and the sea near the coast is yellow.
The beach is dotted with green plants, and the sea water near the coastline is yellow.
the brown beach between the white waves and bareland .
the beach is wet on the edge  and several plants are seated on it .
several lines of white waves in green ocean are near a yellow beach .
Some people bask in the sun on the beach.
Some people sunbathe on the beach.
Some people are basking in the sun on the beach.
Some people bask in the sun at the seaside.
Some people bask in the sun at the seaside.
There are some buildings and green trees on both sides of the river, and there are two bridges.
There are some buildings and green trees on both sides of the river with two bridges.
Some buildings and green trees stand on both sides of a river with two bridges.
Some buildings and green trees are on both sides of the river, and there are two bridges.
There are some buildings and green trees on both sides of the river and there are two bridges.
On one side of the tennis court is a blank yellow bare ground.
On one side of the tennis court is an empty yellow bare land.
A bare yellow field surrounded by trees.
An empty field surrounded by green trees.
An empty expanse of yellow bare ground and a green tennis court is separated by a grey road
Some plants grow in the sea, while others grow on the beach.
Some plants grow in the sea, others grow by the sea.
the coast between some trees and many stones in the sea .
seaweeds are in the water and woods are on the beach .
a yellow beach is between some green trees and a piece of green ocean .
Forest, path, beach, side.
The obvious ripples in the sea on the big beach look beautiful.
The waves on the sea along the big beach seem beautiful.
Forests, roads, beaches, side by side.
A forest, a road, a beach, next to each other.
There is a shallow narrow shape in the brown bare area.
There is a bright, narrow shape in the brown bare area.
The brown bare area has a clear narrow shape.
there is a stripe on the middle of the reddish brown bareland with a white area at its coner .
it is a piece of khaki bareland .
the field is divided into several parts with rounded corners by runways and parking apron decorated with aircrafts .
the field is divided into several parts with rounded corners .
some square lawns surrounded by the flight strip and the parking apron .
a squared green land is surrounded by the runway and apron which is besides the termial building .
three white planes in different sizes are near a building in an airport with several green meadows .
There are many people on the beach.
A row of umbrellas on the beach.
A row of parasols on the beach.
There are many people on the beach.
There are many people on the beach.
The red and green baseball fields are surrounded by iron fences.
The red and green baseball fields were fenced off with iron bars.
Next to the baseball field is a gray room with eight solar panels.
Next to the baseball field is a gray room with eight solar panels on the top.
Next to the baseball field is a gray room with eight solar panels on it.
The big baseball court faces the small baseball.
A big baseball field and a small baseball field face each other.
Two baseball fields of different sizes are near a path.
Two baseball fields of different sizes are close to the road.
There is a gray house next to the big baseball field .
The sea is white along the pale yellow and dark yellow sand.
The sea water is in white waves along the pale yellow and dark yellow sand.
White waves between the yellow beach and the blue ocean.
White waves are between the yellow sand beach and the blue ocean.
White spray between the yellow beach and the blue ocean.
There are no parked cars at the crossroads, surrounded by densely populated residential areas.
There are no parked cars at the intersection, surrounded by densely populated residential areas.
On one side of the intersection are gray houses and on the other side are small white houses.
At the intersection, on one side is a gray house and on the other side is a small white house.
On one side of the intersection is a gray house and on the other side is a small white house.
Two boats crossed the river
Two small boats crossed the river
The two boats were heading for the dark river
The two boats sailed opposite each other on the dark river.
The two boats were facing each other on the dark river.
Irregular waves floated on the beach.
Irregularly shaped waves floated on the beach.
white beach next to some rocks and the sea .
the surf has submerged the dark stone on the edge of the beach .
white waves in ocean are near yellow beach .
the narrow long terminal building with some aeroplane along it is built near circular netlike roads with cars parked between them  and the other side of the building is field and runways .
the narrow long terminal building with some aeroplane along it .
the white long boarding gate separate the runway and a parking lot .
a striped terminal building separates the landside and airside which contains an apron and a runway .
a line of white planes are near a long building with a large parking lot .
Five planes stayed in the airport square with some buildings nearby.
Five planes stayed at the square airport with several buildings nearby.
a runway traverse the lawns between a parking aron .
it is a squared apron where sits five airplanes .
five planes are near several buildings in an airport with a runway .
Four baseball fields of different sizes are separated by two plant belts.
Two small baseball fields and two big baseball fields are side by side.
Two small baseball fields and two big baseball fields are next to each other.
Four baseball fields of different sizes are separated by two plants.
four baseball fields are surrounded by many green trees .
The bridge is on the clear water by the river.
A bridge over a clear river.
A bridge is on the clear surface of the river.
A bridge in the clear river.
A bridge in the clear river.
between two netlike runways with lawns are some orderly arranged square buildings and two square tarmacs with planes .
between two netlike runways with lawns are some orderly arranged square buildings .
rectangle airport and intricacy flight strips .
the neatly built termial building is surrounded by runways .
some planes are orderly in two sides of a building in an airport with several runways .
Four planes stood on a square apron with a network of runways and several buildings.
Four planes stood on a square apron with a network runway and several buildings.
two white buildings and the arc ground encircled by the take off runway .
rows of buildings besides the apron which sits alongside the runway .
four planes are near several buildings in an airport with several runways .
On the ground with a wide runway.
a white plane parked in front .
The plane stopped at the airport, with a large area of wasteland and some buildings nearby.
A plane was parked in an airport with a large area of wasteland and some nearby buildings.
On the ground with wide runways.
A small number of coconut trees were planted on the beach.
There are many people playing on the beach.
There are many people on the beach.
They planted a small number of coconut trees by the sea.
They planted a small number of coconut trees by the sea.
Many people are playing on the yellow beach.
There are many people playing on the yellow beach.
Many people play on the yellow beach.
Many people play on the yellow beach.
Many people play on the yellow beach.
there is some buildings and an isosceles trapezoid parking apron with some aeroplanes  beside which is fields with brown grass divided by runways .
there is some buildings and an isosceles trapezoid parking .
the airport next to anfractuosity take off runway .
the passenger termial building sits alongside several parralleled runways .
some planes are near several buildings in an airport with several runways .
Some white waves in the ocean are close to the beach.
The beach surrounded by water looks beautiful.
The beach surrounded by water is very beautiful.
Some white waves in the ocean are close to the beach.
Some white waves in the ocean are close to the beach.
The airport and the plane are near a large parking lot surrounded by green trees.
The airport with planes is close to a large parking lot surrounded by trees.
The airport with planes is close to a large parking lot surrounded by green trees.
The airport with planes is close to a huge parking lot and surrounded by green trees.
A large parking lot near an airport is surrounded by green trees.
the runways in which there is a plane is next to an airport like a boomerang .
an airport terminal is between roads and airport runway with an aircraft .
a corner of the terminal and a take off runway .
many runways sits besides the terminal building and a plane is running on one of it .
many planes are parked near a large building in a large airport with several runways with a plane .
the waves crash up on the wet sand .
The waves beat against the flat brown beach.
a wide wave separate the brown sea and the dark green sea .
The waves beat against the brown flat beach.
The waves beat against the flat brown beach.
There are many buildings on both sides of the two-way bridge.
A wide two-way six-wire bridge connects the two sides.
A wide two-way six-lane bridge connects the two sides.
There are many buildings on both sides of this two-way bridge.
There are many buildings on both sides of the two-way bridge.
an airport built in the field has several square buildings  parking apron with planes and runways .
an airport built in the field has several square buildings .
white parking aron between the blue blocks and some lawns divided by the runway .
the simple termial building with only three termials sits besides the apron which is connected to the runway .
a plane is near some buildings in an airport with one runway .
The bridge crosses the river diagonally with buildings on both sides.
The bridge crosses the river obliquely with buildings on both sides.
a bridge with plenty of cars drving traverses the  polluted river .
the bridge spans a river with buildings on one side of it and a parking lot on the other side .
several buildings and green trees are in two sides of a river with a bridge with cars over it .
There are many small things on the beach near the green ocean.
On the beach near the green ocean, many small things are arranged in perfect order.
On the beach near a green sea, many small things are neatly arranged.
On the beach near the green ocean, there are many small things lined up.
On the beach near the green ocean, many small things can be used.
there are many planes idling in the square of the airport next tp a straight runway .
three star like buildings standing on a tarmac next to an airport runway with aeroplanes standing on it .
boarding gate and some planes and a flight strip with green guard bar .
a staight airstrip lays beside the passenger termial building .
some planes are parked near three terminals in an airport with parking lots and runways .
There is a star building surrounded by planes on the apron.
There is a star tower surrounded by planes lying on the apron.
many planes stop near the banch shaped boarding gate attached on the terminal .
it is a round termial building with many planes waiting by the termial .
many planes are around a large building in an airport .
The yellow beach lies between the green trees and the sea.
The yellow sand beach between the green trees and the sea.
The yellow beach between the green trees and the sea.
The yellow beach is between the green trees and the sea.
A yellow beach between green trees and the sea.
Many use bare wheels.
the bareland with yellow land in the middle .
many white particles with bareland beside in it .
the bareland with red land in the middle .
A lot of wheel marks on the bare ground.
Yellow is not a long bridge on the target beach.
The long bridge on the yellow beach aimlessly.
A long bridge without a target on the yellow beach.
Long bridge on the beach, no yellow target.
Long bridge on the yellow aimless beach.
Only three planes appeared at the airport.
There were only three planes at the airport.
There are three planes surrounding a long gray building.
Three planes surrounded a long gray building.
There are three planes surrounding the long gray building.
There are several irregular-shaped lumps of vegetation in the ocean, while there are some vegetation on the beach.
There are several irregular vegetation blocks in the ocean, while vegetation grows on the beach.
many alga floating on the sea near the arc coast .
a meadow sits inside the wild beach .
a piece of yellow beach is next to a piece of green ocean .
Many tourists are playing on the beach.
The sea beside the beach is wide.
The sea near the beach is wide.
There are many tourists playing on the beach.
Many tourists play by the sea.
A bridge on both sides of the highway with blue railings on both sides.
A bridge spanning both sides of the road with blue railings on both sides.
A bridge on both sides of the road with blue guardrails on both sides.
On one side of the road is a white square building.
There is a white square building on one side of the road.
the strip shaped airport is next to runways and viaducts .
this airport has a long narrow building surrounded by star like buildings .
a large terminal with flight strip .
the passenger termial building sits parallel with three runways .
many planes are parked around a long rectangular building in an airport .
This is an airport with several planes parked or taxiing.
This is the airport where several planes park or taxi.
some white planes parking on the ground .
it is an apron where many planes are on it .
some white planes are parked in an airport with several runways .
The straight bridge was crowded with cars.
A straight bridge was crowded with cars.
Below the bridge, on the dark blue river, there was a boat moving.
Under the bridge, a boat moved on the dark blue river.
Under the bridge, on the dark blue river, there was a boat moving.
There is a Y-shaped berthing building in the airport.
The Y-shaped orange building is conspicuous.
There are quite a few planes parked next to the Y shaped building .
The orange Y-shaped building is conspicuous.
There is a Y-shaped building parked in the airport.
The sea beat white waves on the beach.
Some people are on the yellow beach near the green ocean.
Some people are on the yellow beach near the green ocean.
The sea beat the white waves on the beach.
The sea beat the white spray on the beach.
There is a house with a swimming pool on the coast.
There is a house with swimming pool on the shore.
a brown beach separate the living quarter .
a houses is located at the coner of the beach .
two lines of white waves are between green ocean and yellow beach with a building .
A blue house next to a bare, leaking piece of land.
The blue house beside the bare, leaking land.
There are several irregular marks on the bare, leaking surface.
The bare, leaking ground was dotted with some irregular marks.
Two houses are on the land .
Around the baseball field is a circular road with trees on it.
Around the baseball field is a fan-shaped circular road with trees growing along it.
a quarter contains a fanshaped baseball field with many trees .
a fan shaped baseballfield is surrounded by roads .
a baseball field is near some sparsely distributed trees .
Red and green irregular baseball fields.
An irregular red and green baseball field.
Irregular red and green baseball fields surrounded by big trees.
An irregular red-green baseball field surrounded by big trees.
An irregular red and green baseball field surrounded by big trees.
Two grey boats anchored on either side of the bridge
Two small gray boats moored on both sides of the bridge.
There are two gray boats on the shore and there is a car park.
There were two small gray boats parked on the shore and a car park.
There were two gray boats parked on the bank and a parking lot for cars.
There is nothing in the desert.
A square of soil on a bare, leaking wasteland.
Square land on a bare, leaking wasteland.
A square of land on a leaking wasteland.
There is nothing on the moor.
The bridge is on the river and built on one side.
The city short bridge is two-way and six-line.
The city short bridge is a two-way six-line line.
A bridge on the river with a building on one side.
A bridge is on the river with a building on one side.
Two green baseball fields and one blue baseball field are side by side.
Two green and one blue baseball fields are next to each other.
Three baseball fields are on a straight road.
The three baseball fields are next to a straight road.
There are some cars on one side of the blue baseball field .
In the middle of two baseball fields with different shapes, there are four white houses.
there is a road next to the baseball field .
There is a gray square room next to the two yellow-green baseball fields.
Next to the two yellow and green baseball fields, there is a gray square room.
In the middle of two baseball fields of different shapes, there are four white houses.
There are many plants on the beach.
There is a vast ocean in front of the beach.
In front of the beach is a vast ocean.
Many plants are planted on the beach.
There are many plants by the sea.
This is a large airport with some planes.
the ground is brown and the roads are grey .
Many planes are parked next to terminals near runways and parking lots.
Many planes are parked near the terminal near the runway and parking lot.
This is a big airport with several planes.
The family has three or four trucks.
behind the house is a piece of barren desert .
A few green trees are close to a large area of bare land.
A few green trees are close to a large bare land.
A family has three or four trucks.
There are many people in the calm sea.
There are many people on the calm coast.
The beach was crowded with tourists enjoying the beautiful scenery.
The beach was crowded with tourists enjoying the scenery.
The beach is full of tourists enjoying the scenery.
there are two small basefields next to a football fields and a straight road .
on one side of the road  there are two baseballfields and one football court; on the other side  there are some houses decorated with trees .
two baseball field with bright green grass beside the highway .
this sport park alongside the road has two baseballfield besides a soccer pitch .
two baseball fields are near a road with several buildings and green trees in two sides of it .
Two parallel bridges are on the river. On one side of the river are some green trees.
Two parallel bridges are on the river, one side of which is shaded by trees.
Two parallel bridges are located on a river with some green trees on one side of the river.
Two parallel bridges stand on a river with green trees on one side.
There are two parallel bridges on a river, and there are green trees on one side of the river.
the baseball field with some reflections of lamp posts is next to two buildings .
the parking lot is sandwiched between some buildings and two baseball field with roads alongside it .
a parking lot between some blocks and two baseball fields .
this baseballfield is surrounded by a lawn and rows of trees and roads .
two baseball fields are near two buildings and some sparsely distributed trees in one side of a road .
There is a baseball field between the gray house and the blue building.
There is a baseball field between the gray house and the blue building.
There are several houses near the red and green baseball fields.
A few houses around the red and green baseball field.
There are several houses around the red and green baseball field.
In addition to the two baseball fields and track and field fields, there are square buildings of different sizes.
Next to the two baseball fields and track and field fields are square buildings of different sizes.
a sand baseball field next to a playground and a parking lot .
it is a baseballfield alongside a parking lot .
a baseball field is surrounded by several buildings, several green trees and some cars .
On the yellow beach where the shallow green and dark blue seas meet, cars are in a row.
On the yellow sand where the crisp green and dark blue seas meet, cars line up.
On the yellow beach where the glittering green and dark blue seas meet, cars form long lines.
On the yellow sand where green and dark blue sea water meet, cars line up.
On the yellow beach where the crisp green and dark blue seas meet, cars line up.
There are a series of waves parallel to the coast, where the sand is black.
There is a series of waves parallel to the sand that is black on the coast.
the wave makes the coast different gradation .
layers of surfs are patting the yellow flat beach .
several lines of white waves in green ocean are near a yellow beach .
The six bridges were crowded with haste.
The six-lane bridge was jammed with hasty traffic.
There are some blue buildings beside the six bridges.
There are several blue buildings beside the six-lane bridge.
There are some blue buildings near the six-lane bridge.
Four roads pass through the red land.
Four paths pass through red clay.
The road intersects with the bare leaky soil.
The path passed through the bare, leaking soil.
The path intersects the leaking bare ground.
there is a terrene road across the bareland with some pieces of greenland .
There is a wasteland with certain vegetation and paths.
There is a wasteland with vegetation and paths.
several dirt roads separated some grassland on the messy bareland .
several pieces of green meadows are in a piece of bareland .
Three cars were parked on the bare, leaking ground.
Three cars were parked on the bare leaking ground.
Cars parked along the road are on the land .
The white car parked on the road is on the ground.
White cars parked on the roadside are on land.
There are five kinds of decorations on the bridge on the dark blue river.
There are five decorations on the bridge on the deep blue river.
There are five ornaments on the bridge on the deep blue river.
There are four boats on the bridge opposite the Deep Blue River.
There are four boats on the bridge across the Deep Blue River.
The three baseball fields were surrounded by sparse green trees.
The three baseball fields are surrounded by sparse green trees.
The three baseball fields form an irregular shape.
The three baseball fields are irregularly shaped.
All three baseball fields have been deformed.
Three planes stopped at the airport next to the square building.
Three planes were parked next to the airport square building.
Eight planes were parked around the building with parking lots.
Eight planes were parked around a building with parking lots.
There are three planes parked at the airport near the square building.
There are many weeds in the wasteland.
a large number of car grind marks are on the bareland .
Some plants are located near khaki wasteland.
Some plants are near the ground wasteland.
There are many weeds growing on the wasteland.
There is a lake near the airport.
Many tall buildings have been built near the airport.
Many skyscrapers have been built near the airport.
There is a pond near the airport.
There is a pond near the airport.
The light yellow sand and the waves of the sea form a beautiful picture.
The pale yellow sand and the waves of the sea form a beautiful picture.
The yellow sand and the waves of the sea make up a beautiful picture.
Waves rolled in over a wide area.
The waves rolled over a wide area.
Four planes stopped on the long runway.
Four planes were parked on the long runway.
The green lawn was fragmented by the airport road.
The green lawn was fragmented by the airport road.
Two planes are parked side by side next to the grey building .
Several green trees are on the yellow beach near the blue ocean.
Several green trees on the yellow beach near a blue ocean.
Several green trees were found on a yellow beach near the blue ocean.
Several green trees were found on a yellow beach near the blue ocean.
Several green trees were found on a yellow beach near the blue ocean.
The waves of the sun are heading towards the golden beach.
the dark green trees besides the golden beach .
The green sea sits orderly on the yellow beach.
Green oceans line up on yellow sand beaches.
The waves of the sun are galloping towards the golden beach.
At the top of the three baseball fields is the White House.
There is a white house at the top of the three baseball fields.
Green and gray countries meet side by side.
Green and gray lands meet side by side.
The White House is on top of all three baseball fields.
The bridge is on yellow enamel.
The broad, long bridge cast a shadow over the cloudy river.
The wide and long bridge cast a shadow on the muddy river.
A bridge on yellow ripples.
The wide and long bridge cast a shadow on the muddy river.
A vast expanse of bare, plant-free land.
A large piece of bare land without plants.
Bare ground where black and reddish brown meet.
Bare land where black and reddish brown meet.
Bare soil where black and reddish brown meet.
there are seven baseball fields in the field  three of which form into a three fourths round and four of which form int a square .
surrounded by winding roads  there is three big baseballfields and four small baseballfields with coconut trees planting alongside the edges .
seven baseball field located in four parts of a four equal parts circle .
a crossing roads separates the sports park into four parts  three of which are baseballfield and the other quater is used as four baseballfields .
seven baseball fields are surrounded by sparsely orderly distributed trees .
There are many people playing on the sea and the beach.
Many people play at sea and on the beach.
people swim inthe jade green sea and take a sunbath on the beach .
lots of people are sitting on the curved edge of the beach .
many people are in a yellow beach near a green ocean .
The yellow beach is close to the blue ocean.
The yellow beach is close to the blue sea.
The yellow beach is close to a blue ocean.
The yellow beach is close to a blue ocean.
The yellow beach is close to a blue ocean.
There are many people playing on the beach.
There is a vast ocean near the beach.
Near the beach is a vast ocean.
There are many people on the beach.
Many people play by the sea.
Four fishing boats are on the green river.
Four fishing boats are on the Green River.
There are no vehicles on the bridge on the Green River.
There is no traffic on the Green River Bridge.
There are no vehicles on the bridge on the green river.
The four baseball fields are surrounded by many green trees.
There are many green trees around the four baseball fields.
The four baseball fields around the Blue House are surrounded by trees.
Four baseball fields around the blue house are surrounded by trees.
Four baseball fields around the blue house are surrounded by trees.
The wide bridge was crowded with cars.
A wide bridge was crowded with cars.
The rivers on both sides of the bridge are green and blue in color.
The colors of the rivers on both sides of the bridge are green and blue.
The rivers on both sides of the bridge are green and blue.
A White House was next to a black one
The White House and the Black House are next to the belt.
The White House and the Black House are by the belt.
There is a White House and a black house beside the road
There are many cars parked next to a White House and a black house
the lobulated terminal building surrounded by aeroplanes is lying on a tarmac adjacent to three square lawns with runways all around .
the lobulated terminal building surrounded by aeroplanes is lying on a tarmac .
two curve airport and some lawns surrounded by the take off ways .
the passenger termial building and an apron sits alongside the runways .
some planes are sparsely near several pieces of meadows in an airport with several buildings and a parking lot .
There are three white cars on the bridge, two roads and six lanes.
Two bridges of different sizes span the dark blue river.
Two bridges of different sizes span the dark blue river.
There are three white cars and six lanes on the bridge.
There are three white cars on the bridge and six lanes in both directions.
the back to back baseball fields are next to a rectangular building .
there are two baseballfields of different size enclosed by a circular road  outside which are some buildings and a parking lot with cars .
two baseball field surrounded bysome trees and near a block .
two differently sized baseballfield are surrounded by roads and rows of trees .
some green trees are around two baseball fields near a building .
Five baseball fields are surrounded by green trees.
Five baseball fields surround the center of the building, forming a flower shape decorated with luxuriant plants.
Five baseball fields surround the center of the building, forming the shape of flowers decorated with luxuriant plants.
Five baseball fields are surrounded by green trees.
Five baseball fields are surrounded by green trees.
There are many blue houses beside the straight bridge.
There are many blue houses beside a straight bridge.
There are many blue houses beside a straight bridge.
Under the straight bridge, there is a dark blue river.
There is a dark blue river under the straight bridge.
Two bridges full of cars crossed on the dark green river.
Two bridges full of cars intersect on a dark green river.
Two bridges full of cars crisscrossed the dark green river.
At the end of the two bridges, there are some red and white houses.
At the end of the intersection of the two bridges, there are several red and white houses.
The waves rushed to the shore.
The waves flooded the shore.
white beach between the dark green sea and the city .
those white spoondrifts surf the beach inside which lies rows of houses .
several lines of white waves in green ocean are near a yellow beach .
There is a dark green beach nearby.
There is a beach near dark green.
A dark green near a beach.
Near the dark green beach.
There is a beach near dark green.
Next to the green baseball field is a gray square room.
There is a gray square room next to a green baseball field.
There is a gray square room next to the green baseball field.
Next to the green baseball field is a triangular building.
There is a triangular building next to the green baseball field.
There are three tall buildings on each side of the intersection.
Grey ellipse constructed beside the intersection of shapes.
A gray oval built at a crossroads of some kind.
There are three tall buildings on both sides of the intersection.
On one side of the crossroads there was an open field
there is a baseball field bext to a black road with white lane markings .
there are some cars and building beside a baseball field which is next to a track .
a baseball field is next to a freeway with some cars .
it is a squared baseballfield surrounded by road and some bareland .
several cars and small buildings are near a baseball field .
The stadium is full of squares.
This is a bright green baseball field with dark green ponds and runway playgrounds.
This is a light green baseball field with a dark green pond and a runway on the playground.
The baseball field is full of squares.
The huge golf course filled the square.
the runways of the airport has many oval shaped lawns .
some aircrafts stay on square tarmacs and netlike runways decorated with some grassy oval fields .
some palnes waiting to take off near the terminal .
three passenger termial buildings sits alongside crossing runways .
some planes are near some buildings in an airport with two parallel runways .
There are sand dunes beside the dark yellow beach.
the beach is brown and the water is deep green .
Beside the yellow beach is a green ocean.
Beside the yellow beach is a green sea.
Beside the dark yellow beach are sand dunes.
The airport has two runways.
The airport is very large.
The airport is very large.
The airport has two runways.
The airport has two runways.
The yellow beach lies between the green sea and the curved road.
The yellow beach lies between the green sea and the winding road.
There are three brown houses on the light yellow beach.
There are three brown houses on the pale yellow beach.
There are three brown houses on the pale yellow beach.
five planes are parked near a terminal in an airport .
Four planes were parked side by side .
The oval green lawn cut off the railway tracks.
The oval green lawn crossed the railway tracks.
A green oval lawn mowed the railway tracks.
The Y-shaped beach separates the sea.
A Y-shaped beach separates the sea.
On one side of the beach is a tall island.
There is a tall island on one side of the beach.
There is a high island on the other side of the beach.
The sea was dark and calm.
The sea is dark and calm.
the arc coastline separates the black  sea and the beach .
dark dirty waters pats the bank which has two black arrowheads on it .
a piece of yellow beach is near a piece of dark green ocean .
There are many curved alleys on the bare and leaking ground.
There are many curved roads on the bare and leaking ground.
There are many winding paths on the bare leaking ground.
some signs are in a piece of khaki bareland .
There are many winding alleys on the bare leaking ground.
some planes are parked in an airport .
Two green lawns divide the road to the airport .
Next to two green lawns stood white planes .
There are four planes parked next to a house .
Five planes were lying side by side .
The yellow beach is close to the white waves.
The yellow beach beside the white waves.
A yellow beach near a white wave.
A yellow beach near a white wave.
A yellow beach near a white wave.
There are some green trees on both sides of the river. There is a bridge on the river.
The Burdiger River extends along the river and is dark green.
The Bodig River flows down the river and is dark green.
There are some green trees on both sides of the river and there is a bridge on the river.
Some green trees are on both sides of the river. There is a bridge on the river.
Light green, white and yellow pictures are all very beautiful.
Light green, white and yellow paintings are all very beautiful.
The waves rose over the blue-green sea.
The waves floated on the blue-green sea.
The waves surged up in the blue-green sea.
The terminal between the ring road and the apron consists of curved buildings and two rectangular buildings.
The terminal between the ring road and the apron consists of an arc-shaped building and two rectangular buildings.
an arc boarding gate with two rectangles at both ends .
the curved termial building separates the landside and airside .
several planes are near a large building in an airport with one runway .
there are airport runways on the grassy field  next to which is a catenular terminal building lying on the tarmac  with some planes surrounding it .
there are airport runways on the grassy field  next to a catenular terminal building 
many arc boarding gate and some white take off ways .
an irregular shaped termial building is seated alongside runways .
some planes are near a building in an airport with several runways .
There is a white stadium on the bank of the river near the pond.
On the side of the river bank near the pond, there is a white stadium.
There is a green playground in the middle of the stadium for white spectators.
In the middle of the White Spectator Stadium is a green playground.
In the middle of the stadium for white spectators is a green playground.
Beside the spectacular sea is red and yellow sand.
The beach was strongly shaken by the whirling drift.
The beach was strongly shocked by the whirling drift.
Beside the magnificent sea is red and yellow sand.
Beside the magnificent sea, there is a piece of red and yellow sand.
thare is a reflection of the fence on the infield of baseball field .
there is a baseball field lying on the lawn with trees and houses around .
a baseball field with some trees and a grey block .
a baseballfield is on a large vacant lawn .
a baseball field is near four green trees in a line .
A fender terminal was built near roads and other buildings, with aprons and runways on the other side.
The Pleuigon Terminal is built near roads and other buildings, with aprons and runways on the other side.
the alternation runway next to a bright blue parking aroneng .
a dazzling apron is surrounded by the termial building and six block of houses and two runway .
a plane is on the runway while other two planes are near some buildings and green plants .
Many planes are parked in a wide area.
a large number of cars parked near the airport plains .
an airport are there .
many planes here .
Many planes are parked on wide terrain.
some planes are parked near several buildings in an airport .
some planes are in front of the terminal building while some others are embraced by greenbelt .
Four planes were parked side by side in the middle of the lawn .
The planes next to the White House were parked side by side .
There are lots of planes parked around the three discontinuous lawns .
Two white planes stopped near the gray house.
Two white planes parked next to the gray house.
The gray house and the black house are side by side.
The grey house and the black house are side by side.
seven planes are parked in an airport .
the sea is very blue on the beach .
the scenery is very beautiful on the beach .
Dark blue sea, golden beach, yellow waves, calm and light.
Dark blue sea, golden sand beach, yellow waves, calm.
Dark blue sea, golden sand beach, yellow spray edge, quiet.
There are some green trees on the yellow and blue coast.
There are several green trees on the yellow and blue coast.
There are waves on the sea near the yellow beach.
The waves appeared on the sea near the Yellow Beach.
Near the Yellow Beach, the waves on the sea surged out.
airport building and airplanes are standing on a white and blue tarmac  
airport building and airplanes are standing on a white and blue tarmac  adjacent to which is airport flight paths decorated with lawns and wasteland .
white airport and grey take off runway beside .
the white passenger termial building sits alongside two runways .
several planes are near a building in an airport with a parking lot and several runways .
It's the beach, the water is like sapphire.
the ground is brown and the water is blue .
Beside the yellow beach is a pale blue ocean.
Beside the yellow beach is a blue ocean.
This is a beach. The water is like sapphire.
white waves are between green ocean and white beach .
The beach is curved and the waves are raging.
The beach is curved and the waves are surging.
White waves appeared on the dark blue sea and the beach beside them became black.
The white waves were on the dark blue sea, and the beach beside them turned black.
Two circular objects are connected at sea.
Two circular objects connect with each other at sea.
People are neat on the beach.
People lined up neatly on the beach.
People lined up neatly on the beach.
the fan shaped baseball field has a khaki circular infield .
there is a lawn with a baseball field built on it  on both side of which are parking lot with cars .
a fanshaped baseball field with a yellow circle sand .
several trees is located at coners of the baseballfield .
several green trees and several cars are near a baseball field .
Some striped fork roads lie on the bare ground.
Some bifurcated paths, like strips, lay on the bare ground.
Some striped paths lay on the bare ground.
some dirt roads traverses the bleak bareland .
several small wild roads are in a piece of yellow bareland .
a airport with dark brown and light brown ground in it .
some white planes in the airport while with some dark buildings besides .
some sparse light green meadow in side while with some dark brown ground besides .
some square area divide into black lines inside .
some planes are parked in an airport dispersedly .
Green plants grow on the beach and the waves on the sea shine.
Green plants grow on the beach, and the sea waves shine with light.
the beach between the reflective surface ande the jungle .
the twinkling water is patting the beach with a woods inside it .
some green trees and a yellow beach are next to a piece of green ocean .
This is a meadow, several buildings and a path.
The baseball field is close to the green grass.
A baseball field is near a green lawn.
A baseball field is near a piece of green grass.
This is a meadow with some buildings and paths.
Two baseball fields of different sizes are next to the red stadium.
Two baseball fields of different sizes are next to the red playground.
Two white houses stand next to the big baseball stadium
Two baseball fields and a side-by-side field, a road through the field.
The two baseball fields are side by side with the football field, and the path passes through the football field.
On the beach, some plants are divided into three places by the road.
Some plants on the beach are divided into three plots by path.
the light brown beach between the sea and groves .
there are woods and two dirt roads inside the beach .
On the beach, some plants are divided into three parts by the path.
Two rows of waves in the green ocean are located near the yellow beach.
Two rows of waves in the green ocean near the yellow beach.
Two rows of waves in the green ocean near a yellow beach.
Two rows of spray in the green ocean near the yellow beach.
In the two rows of the green ocean, there is a yellow beach.
White waves are in the blue ocean beside the yellow beach.
White waves are in the blue sea beside the yellow beach.
The ship moored at the boundary between sand and sea.
The ship docked at the sand sea demarcation line.
A ship docked at the boundary between sand and sea.
the terminal buildings including three circular buildings  tarmac and runways are built in the field of sparse grass  with one plane parked on the tarmac .
the terminal buildings including three circle buildings  tarmac and runways are built in the field of sparse grass  with one plane parked on the tarmac .
one plane stay near the white terminal and .
a simple termial building is seated besides the apron which is connected to the runway .
a white plane is near a runway and a white building with a parking lot .
Beside the yellow beach is a pale blue sea.
Three waves of white roses crossed the pale blue sea.
Three waves of white roses swept across the pale blue sea.
Beside the yellow beach is the pale blue sea.
Three waves of white roses swept across the blue sea.
Some planes are at the airport near the river.
There are two deep red runways around the airport .
The two airports sit between green lawns .
Two airports sit by the river .
Some planes are at the airport by the river.
the baseball fields is next to a football fields and a swimming pool .
on the roadside there is a baseball field and a ground track field  which are decorated with some trees and buildings .
a baseball field between a playground and a blue building .
a baseballfield sits besides a football court .
a baseball field is near several green trees and a building .
several airplanes are parked on four tarmacs lying beside airport runways and grassy fields .
there is a circular airport runway on bareland next to which is some buildings and a tarmac with aircrafts .
a yellow land is caught between a take off runway and the terminal .
two runways stretch from the passenger termial building .
some planes are sparsely parked in an airport with several parking lots and runways .
Two parallel bridges are on the river, with several green trees and some buildings on both sides.
There are two similar bridges on the river.
There are two similar bridges on the river.
Two parallel bridges are beside the river, with several green trees and some buildings on both sides.
Two parallel bridges stand on a river, flanked by several green trees and some buildings.
some plane are standing on a parking apron lying between brown field with runways built on it and some buildings .
some plane are standing on a parking apron lying between brown field .
a rectangle parking aron between the runway and the terminal .
the idle termial building sits besides the large apron and two airstrip is seated alongside it .
a white plane is on the runway while several other planes are near some buildings and green trees .
A white plane parked next to a large gray building.
The white plane was parked next to a large gray building.
Beside the white plane, the road was crowded with cars.
Next to the white plane was a road full of cars.
Next to a white plane was a street crowded with cars.
A white bus passed over the two-lane bridge.
A white bus is crossing the two-lane bridge.
At one end of the two-lane bridge, there were some cars parked.
Some cars were parked at one end of the two-lane bridge.
Several cars were parked at one end of the two-lane bridge.
The white ring on the dark green bridge is especially conspicuous.
The white ring on the dark green bridge is especially striking.
The white ring on the dark green deck is especially noticeable.
The white ring of the dark green bridge is especially conspicuous.
The white ring of the dark green bridge is especially conspicuous.
the arc shaped bridege across the river .
we can see an arc bridge cross a river diagonally and an arch bridge cross it vertically .
the arc bridge strides the moat which is between several trees .
a wide curved bridge spans the narrow river .
several buildings and many green plants are in two sides of a river with a large bridge and a small bridge .
A white car in the middle of an intersection; Blue roads on both sides of the intersection
White cars in the middle of the intersection and blue roads on both sides of the intersection.
A white car in the middle of an intersection with blue streets on both sides.
White cars in the middle of the intersection and roads decorated with blue on both sides of the intersection.
There is a white car in the middle of the intersection and a blue road on both sides of the intersection.
the buff land is decorated by plates .
The bare area has a dark part with irregular shape.
Having an irregularly shaped dark part.
the dark brown area is blended with the light area in this bareland .
it is a piece of khaki bareland .
There are two bridges connecting the two sides in the river.
A bridge with two piers in the river connects the two sides.
a bridge traverse the valley with several trees .
a straight bridge acrosses the wide river with trees on its bank .
several green trees are in two sides of a river with a bridge over it .
The flight station was surrounded by two green lawns.
The runway is surrounded by two green lawns.
Many planes were parked side by side on both sides of the runway.
Several planes landed side by side on both sides of the runway.
The green lawn is next to the airstrip .
The two planes are interrelated.
The two planes are connected together.
The white building is next to a dense parking lot.
The white building is next to the dense parking lot.
The two parking lots are separated by a green lawn .
buildings in the airport is dihedral and symmetrical  surrounded by several planes standing on the parking apron  beside which are airport flight paths and grassy fields .
buildings in the airport is dihedral and symmetrical  .
a triangle boarding gate and some planes .
the curve shaped passenger termial building seated alongside three runways .
many planes are parked near several terminals in an airport with parking lots and runways .
plants are parked near a terminal in an airport near a parking lot .
Five white headed, red tailed planes were parked next to the curved buildings .
The curved building is anchored on one side of the rectangular building.
The curved building connects with the side of the rectangular building.
Five white headed, red tailed planes were parked next to the curved buildings.
There are two baseball fields, near the lawn, next to the basketball court and parking lot.
There are two baseball fields, opposite the lawn, next to the basketball court and parking lot.
two baseball field over against each other surrounded by many trees .
there are two baseballfield on this area surrounded by trees .
two baseball fields are semi-surrounded by some green trees .
The white beach is between the road and the green sea.
A straight road is on the curved coast.
The straight road is next to the curved coast.
The white beach lies between the road and the green sea.
The white beach is between a street and a green sea.
The sea is next to yellow beaches and roads.
The yellow beach and the sea beside the road.
There are parking lots and paths beside the beach.
There is a parking lot and a road beside the beach.
Beside the beach is a parking lot and a street.
the baseball field has rectangular infield .
The baseball field lay on the grass with three bundles of trees.
a square baseball field located in a triangle lawn .
it is a fan shaped baseballfield besided a woods .
The baseball field lay on the grass, surrounded by three clumps of trees.
there are four baseball fields in the four corner of the field .
there are four baseballfields of different size lying on the lawn  around which are some other sports courts  trees  roads and houses .
four baseball field next to some tennis court and surrounded by some trees .
four baseballfields in different sizes are surrounded by several tennis courts and trees and a row of houses .
several green trees and buildings are around four baseball fields in different sizes .
A yellow ribbon of beaches between green plants, green oceans and black stones.
Green plants, green oceans and black rocks between ribbons of yellow beaches.
A beach with yellow ribbons, between green vegetation, green sea and black rocks.
The yellow ribbon beach between green plants, green oceans and black rocks.
A yellow strip of beach between green plants, green oceans and black rocks.
Three rows of trucks lined up on the yellow beach, surrounded by the light blue sea.
Three rows of trucks lined up on the yellow sand, surrounded by a light blue sea.
Three rows of trucks lined up on the yellow sand, surrounded by the blue sea.
Three trucks lined up on the yellow sand, surrounded by a light blue sea.
Three rows of trucks are lined up in a row, on the yellow sand, surrounded by a light blue sea.
There are many people playing on the beach.
Better than Haibi Sands.
Blue sea is better than sand.
There are many people on the beach.
Many people play by the sea.
Two white boats floated quietly on the water.
Two small white boats floated quietly on the water
Two small white boats floated quietly on the water.
Two white boats were floating quietly on the water.
Two small white boats sailed quietly on the water.
The bridge has orange iron frames across the dark green sea.
The bridge over the river is a simple steel structure.
The bridge across the river is a simple steel structure.
On the bridge across the dark green sea, there is an orange iron frame.
The dark green sea bridge has an orange iron frame.
the airport is surrounded by runways with rectangular lawns .
a star like building and some aeroplanes standing on a parking apron  which is surrounded by netlike runways and rounded rectangle grassy fields .
a square terminal and criss cross flight strip .
parallel runways surrounds the passenger termial building .
some planes are sparsely parked in an airport with several parking lots and runways .
there some ruts in the sandy bareland .
This bare land is dotted with piles of plants.
This bare land is dotted with swarms of plants.
a bleak yellow bareland with some dirt roads and trees on it .
it is a piece of irregular yellow bareland .
This is a beach. The water is beautiful.
the ground is brown and the water is green .
The yellow beach lies between the light blue ocean and the green trees.
The yellow beach is between the blue sea and the green trees.
This is a beach and the water is very beautiful.
The two roads intersect vertically in this field.
The two paths intersect vertically in this field.
The red and green land looks very uneven.
The red and green land looks very irregular.
The two paths intersect vertically in the courtyard.
The beach and the surging waves.
the sea is blue and the spray is white .
The yellow beach is close to the green sea and the white waves.
Yellow beaches close to green oceans and white waves.
The beach and the surging waves.
Near the coast, we can see white waves.
We can see white waves near the coast.
some waves between the soft sand and dark green sea .
white spoondrift pats the bank and there is a curve on the beach .
some white waves are between yellow beach and green ocean .
There are some olive trees beside the baseball field.
The circle of the red track surrounds the red and yellow baseball fields.
The circle of the red track surrounds a red and yellow baseball field.
There are some olive trees near the baseball field.
The colors of the baseball field are green and yellow .
On one side of the bridge are blue houses and on the other side are trees.
The bridge on the green river has only narrow passages.
The Green River Bridge has only one narrow passage.
There are some blue houses on one side of the bridge and some trees on the other side.
There is a blue house on one side of the bridge and a tree on the other.
The sea is dark blue and the waves are white.
The sea is dark blue and the waves are white.
The sea is dark blue and the waves are white.
The sea is dark blue and the waves are white.
The sea is dark blue and the waves are white.
A blue ship moored near the harbor.
There is no port for blue ships on the dark blue sea.
On the dark blue sea, the harbor where the blue boats anchored was empty.
A blue boat moored near the harbor.
In the dark blue sea, the dock where the blue boat anchored was empty.
Four baseball fields are surrounded by many green trees and several ponds.
The four baseball fields are surrounded by many green trees and several ponds.
Four baseball fields are surrounded by lakes.
Four baseball fields surround a lake.
Four baseball fields surround the lake.
Many farmland has a bridge on both sides of the river.
Many farmland is on both sides of the river with bridges.
Many farmland is located on both sides of a river with a bridge on it.
Many farmland is located on both sides of the river with bridges.
Many farmland is on both sides of a river with a bridge on it.
Seawater has the structure of fish scales.
The sea water has the same texture as fish.
many people have a bath tanning on the beach near the sea .
there are lots of people sit on the edge of the beach .
some people are in a yellow beach near a green ocean .
Next to a green baseball field are two white houses
There are two white houses next to the baseball field, which is located in the middle of the green lawn.
The baseball field is located in the middle of the green lawn with two white houses beside it.
The baseball field is located in the middle of a green lawn with two white houses beside it.
There are two white houses next to the baseball field, which is in the middle of the green lawn.
Many people enjoy the sunshine on the curved beach.
Many people enjoy the sunshine on the curved beach.
Many people enjoy the sunshine on the curved beach.
Four ships floated on the dark blue sea.
Four ships floated on the deep blue sea.
there are some inregular ponds in the tract of bareland .
some vegetated irregular shape parts are interspersed in the bareland .
the bareland with some trees and a pond .
two pools and several trees are located on the messy bareland .
several green pieces of meadows are in a piece of khaki bareland .
There are rocks and roads along the coast.
There are rocks and a road along the coast.
the beach between the freeway and the blue sea .
white spoondrift of the blue water pats the beach .
white waves in green ocean are near a beach and a road .
The sea is close to yellow beaches and many buildings.
A piece of sea and many buildings near the yellow beach.
A sea and many buildings near the yellow beach.
A sea and many buildings near the yellow beach.
A sea and many buildings near the yellow beach.
Many cars are parked on one side of the earth.
Small vegetation grows on the bare land.
There is a small amount of vegetation growing on the bare land.
Several cars were parked on one side of the land.
Many cars are parked on one side of the earth.
Red, yellow and blue boats lay side by side on the bridge across the river.
Red, yellow and blue boats lay side by side on a bridge on the other side of the river.
Red, yellow and blue boats lay side by side on the bridge on the other side of the river.
The bridge over the river is a branch of the crossroads.
The bridge on the river is a branch of the intersection.
there are two baseball fields  an athletic track  four tennis courts and a swimming pool .
on the lawn with trees around  there are two baseballfields  a swimming pool  a ground track field  four tennis court and other sports grounds .
two baseball field in a square field with a blue bleachers .
two baseballfields and several tennis courts and a track and field are in this sport park .
two lines of green trees are near a playground next to two baseball fields and three tennis courts .
Four baseball fields are surrounded by green trees.
The four baseball fields are surrounded by green trees.
Two big baseball fields and two small baseball fields are separated by silvery buildings.
Two big baseball fields and two small baseball fields are separated by a silvery white building.
Two big baseball fields and two small baseball fields are separated by a silver building.
There are two boats moored by the river and a turquoise building on the bank.
There are two ships and a loading area on the bank of the river.
A lot of goods are parked beside the turquoise building
The two boats were moored on the bank of the river. There was a turquoise building on the bank.
There are two ships on the bank and a loading area on the river bank.
The sea beat against the beach and the plants splashed in waves.
The sea hit the beach and the plants splashed.
dark green sea with some reef near the beach .
black stones are on the bank .
white waves are between yellow beach and green ocean .
On the curved bridge, the white pole is especially conspicuous.
There are some gray objects under the gray bridge.
There are gray objects under the gray bridge.
On the curved bridge, the white tie rod is especially conspicuous.
On a curved bridge, the white tie rod is especially conspicuous.
The grass on both sides of the runway.
The plane was parked on the white paint apron.
The plane was parked on the apron for nothing.
The runway was lined with green grass.
The runway is covered with green grass on both sides.
The beach was littered with vegetation.
There is some vegetation on the beach.
the beach with gravels next to the atrovirens sea .
A flat yellow beach with several black stones.
A flat yellow sand beach with some black stones.
Two parallel waves rushed onto the beach.
Two parallel waves rushed to the beach.
Two layers of chaotic waves beat against the light yellow beach.
Two layers of messy waves beat against the pale yellow beach.
two lines of waves in green ocean is near yellow beach .
there is a circular road and some buildings built on the field  next to which is an airport composed of terminal buildings  tarmac with parked planes and runways .
there is a circular road and some buildings built on the field  next to which is an airport .
the parking aron between an rounf airport and the runway .
the striped termial building separates the landside and airside which contains a large apron and runways .
some planes are near a runway and some buildings with a parking lot .
In the three baseball fields, there are many small black and white rooms.
There are many black and white rooms in the middle of the three baseball fields.
There are many small black and white rooms in the middle of the three baseball fields.
Next to the three baseball fields is a gray, empty path.
Next to the three baseball fields is a gray open road.
The waves shot at the shore, stirring up long white waves.
The waves beat against the shore, stirring up long white waves.
white wide wave between beach and jade green sea .
Big white waves beat against the yellow beach.
A big white wave beat against the yellow beach.
the small bridge is next to some factory buildings with red roofs .
there is a bridge over a river and some house arranged orderly along the river .
a car is steering on the bridge across the river between two  factory mills .
the brighe connects the two sides of a dark narrow river which has buildings with red roofs and blue ones .
some buildings and green plants are in two sides of a river with a bridge over it .
Seven planes are flying on the ground.
Seven planes are on the ground.
A pale square building was built on the lawn.
A pale square building was built on a lawn.
Seven planes were surrounded by green grass .
Circles of gray sand surrounded a floating boat.
A circle of gray sand surrounded the sea of floating boats.
There is a gray house beside the yellow beach.
Beside the yellow beach is a gray house.
There is a gray house near the yellow beach.
Two baseball fields side by side.
Two baseball fields next to each other.
White buildings and two baseball fields side by side.
A white building is next to two baseball fields.
The white building is adjacent to two baseball fields.
a rectangular piece of green grass .
the grass is yellow with dark green trees around .
There is a fork at the top of the orange baseball field.
There is a bifurcation at the top of the orange baseball field.
There is a fork in the road at the top of an orange baseball field.
There is a white yacht at one end of the bridge.
At one end of the bridge is a white yacht.
At one end of the bridge is a white yacht.
There is a tree at one end of the bridge.
There is a tree at one end of the bridge.
The land was stabilized by the road.
The ground was stabilized by a path.
There is some green vegetation at the bare soil seepage.
There is green vegetation on the bare soil.
There is some green vegetation on the bare leaking ground.
Some green trees and many people are on yellow beaches, close to green oceans and white waves.
some green trees and many people are on yellow beach near a piece of green ocean with white waves . .
Some green trees and many people are on the yellow beach, close to the green sea and white waves.
Some green trees and many people are on the yellow beach, near a green sea and white waves.
Some green trees and many people are on the yellow beach near the green ocean and white waves.
The gray plane and the blue plane are separated by white buildings.
A gray plane and a blue plane are separated by white buildings.
Beside a grey plane is a grey road
The two planes were parked on the jagged sides of the white building.
The two planes were parked on both sides of the zigzag white building.
The white beach is between the sea and some buildings.
The waves beat against the beach.
The roaring waves beat against the beach.
The white beach lies between the sea and some buildings.
The white beach is between a sea and some buildings.
The white beach lies between the green sea and the green trees.
The sea near the beach has a gradient effect.
The sea water near the beach seems to have a gradient effect.
The white beach between the green sea and the green trees.
The white sand beach is between the green sea and the green trees.
A large number of tourists are bathed in sunshine by the sea.
A large number of tourists bathed in sunshine at the seaside.
A large number of tourists bathed in sunshine on the beach.
Many tourists bask in the sun on the beach.
Many tourists are bathed in sunshine on the beach.
Beside the parking lot stands a white building.
there are two planes on the small airport .
Two planes stopped at the airport terminal, runway and parking lot.
The two planes were parked near the airport terminal with runways and parking lots.
There is a white building beside the parking lot.
Do you have a bicycle print?
lot of broken stone and waste are in the bare land .
a very big wasteland .
Do you have wheel marks?
a lot of broken stone and waste are in the bare land .
Four white fishing boats floated on the light green sea.
Four white fishing boats floated on the pale green sea.
There is a parking lot next to Grey Beach.
There is a parking lot next to Gray Beach.
The grey sand was next to a turquoise sea .
Small fish in the vast sea.
A small fish in the vast sea.
A small fish is in the vast sea.
A small fish is in the vast sea.
A small fish is in the vast sea.
Seven planes were arranged in blue buildings.
Seven planes lined up beside the blue building.
The planes beside the Red Square are arranged neatly.
The planes next to Red Square are arranged neatly.
The planes next to Hongtian are arranged neatly.
a airport in the middle while with some sparse plants in it .
some planes neat arranged in the airport .
some light meadow besides the airport in it .
Parked on the green lawn were six white planes .
many planes are parked in an airport near many buildings and a large piece of meadow .
There are two grey rooms next to the baseball field.
It is green grass, brown and black buildings, brown roads.
This is green grass, brown and black buildings and brown paths.
It is a green grassland, a brown-black building and a brown path.
There are two gray rooms next to a baseball field.
Some clean footprints on the baseball field.
There are several neat marks on the baseball field.
The red track separates the baseball field from the gray house.
The red track separates the baseball field from the gray house.
The red track separates the baseball field from the gray house.
There are tourists and circular buildings beside the dark green sea.
There are tourists and round buildings on the dark green sea.
The dark green seaside has tourists and round buildings.
There are tourists and round buildings beside the dark green sea.
There are tourists and round buildings beside the dark green sea.
The island on the sand side is very bumpy.
The islands and rocks in the sand are very rugged.
Beaches and greens are beside the silent dark blue sea.
The beach and green plants are next to the calm dark blue sea.
The beach and green cling to the deep blue and quiet sea.
The wasteland is divided into parts of a winding path.
The wasteland was divided into parts by curled paths.
The desert was divided into parts by curled paths.
several dirt roads stretches across the bareland which is decorated with several trees .
some small crossed roads are in a piece of yellow bareland .
The four baseball fields were packed with people and surrounded by yellow places.
The four baseball fields were crowded together, surrounded by a yellow field.
The four baseball fields are crowded together, surrounded by a yellow field.
Red and green baseball scenes versus four baseball fields.
A red and green baseball field is facing four baseball fields.
The boat left a long raft on the dark river.
The boat left a long wave on the deep Heihe River.
There are trees and pools on both sides of the river.
There are trees and swimming pools on both sides of the river.
There are trees and swimming pools on both sides of the river.
There are many waves between the green sea and the yellow beach.
Many waves are between the green sea and the yellow beach.
There are many waves between the green sea and the yellow beach.
There are many waves between the green sea and the yellow beach.
There are many waves between the green sea and the yellow beach.
The beach is close to the sea and there are some boats.
Beside this beautiful beach stands a prosperous resort.
Beside this beautiful beach stands a thriving resort.
The beach is close to the sea and there are several boats.
A beach is near a sea with several boats.
The terminal built on the apron is semi-enclosed and surrounded by some planes.
The terminal building built on the apron is semi-enclosed and surrounded by several planes.
a white door shaped boarding gate and a polygon runway .
there is a large apron with an irregular shaped termial building on it .
several white planes are parked near a large building with a parking lot in an airport .
The sea is vast and deep.
On the other side of the sea is a golden beach.
On the other side of the sea is a golden beach.
The vast and deep ocean.
The sea is vast and deep.
In the middle of the playground with white spectators, there is a green amusement park.
In the middle of the stadium with white spectators is a green playground.
There is a parking lot next to the stadium with white spectators.
Next to the stadium with white spectators is a parking lot.
There is a parking lot next to the parking lot next to the white audience.
Some trees were planted around the bare land.
Many kinds of cars are on the road.
Many kinds of cars run on the road.
Trees were planted around the bare land.
Some tree species are around bare land.
There are many dark green trees beside the bare land.
There are many dark green trees beside a large bare land.
There is a long way to go on the yellow sand.
There is a long rut on the yellow sand.
many dark green trees beside the large bareland  .
The plane was parked on the white paint apron.
The White House is an airport.
The White House is the airport.
The plane was parked on the apron for nothing.
The plane was parked white on the apron.
The straight bridge spans the light green river.
A straight bridge spans the pale green river.
There is a plant belt in the middle of the bridge.
There is a plant belt in the middle of the bridge.
There is a plant belt in the middle of the bridge.
The curved bridge intersects the road perpendicularly.
A curved bridge intersects a road perpendicularly.
Curved bridges and highways are residential and factory areas.
Curved bridges and highways are surrounded by residential areas and factories.
A curved bridge and a highway are flanked by residential areas and factories.
the terrain of the terrene is crumpled .
Bare soil with undulating veins.
There is a bare piece of land with wavy veins on it.
the sandy messy bareland has many stripes on it .
it is a piece of irregular gray bareland .
All three baseball fields are near white buildings and two tennis courts.
Three baseball fields are close to white buildings and two tennis courts.
Two table tennis courts are on one side of three baseball courts.
Two table tennis courts are located on one side of the three baseball courts.
Two table tennis players are on one side of the three baseball fields.
White buildings close to bare ground.
White buildings are especially conspicuous on the red ground.
White buildings are especially conspicuous on red land.
White buildings near bare ground.
Green vegetation and white buildings are on either side of the bare ground .
The tranquil green sea.
the beach and the sea are perfectly integrated .
Beside the yellow beach is a green ocean.
Beside the yellow beach is a green sea.
The calm green sea.
The sea rose on the beach.
The sea ripples on the beach.
the flashy wave between the beach and jade green sea .
the white spoondrift is patting the beach with several plants on its coner .
a line of white waves is between green ocean and yellow beach .
There are several waves on the dark green sea.
There are many waves on the dark green sea.
There are more waves on the dark green sea.
There are more waves on the dark green sea.
There are more waves on the dark green sea.
the baseball field is next to a basketball field  a volleyball court and a tennis court .
a parking lot is lying near the baseballfield  next to which there are some other sports courts .
a fanshaped baseball field beside a basketball court and a tennis court .
a fan shaped baseballfield is surrounded by a basketball court  several tennis courts and a parking lot .
several green trees are around a baseball field and a parking lot  .
A brown rectangular building beside a white spire.
The brown rectangular building sits on the green grass.
Bronze rectangular buildings are located on the green grass.
A brown rectangular building next to a white spire.
There is a path between a blue building and a white building
Here are several waves at sea.
There are several waves here.
brown beach next to the stratified waves .
a car and a square building are on the beach .
several lines of white waves in green ocean are near a yellow beach .
Three baseball fields are surrounded by green trees and two rows of red buildings.
The three baseball fields are surrounded by green trees and two rows of red buildings.
Three baseball fields are lined with a curved road and two rows of red houses.
On both sides of the three baseball fields are a curved road and two rows of red houses.
The three baseball fields are flanked by a curved street and two rows of red houses.
Between the sea and the beach, there is a row of white waves.
There is a line of white waves between the sea and the beach.
white wave separate the beach and the blue green sea .
dark blue water surfs the wet beach .
a line of white waves is between yellow beach and green ocean .
The bare land is wide.
There is a brown thing on the bare ground.
There are brown things on the bare ground.
The bare ground is wide.
The bare land is very large.
The sea shone in the sun.
the sunshine on the beach for out in the sun .
Big green ocean near yellow beach.
A large green ocean is near the yellow beach.
The sea sparkled in the sun.
Three baseball fields are side by side with a parking lot full of cars.
Three baseball fields and a parking lot full of cars are side by side.
Three baseball fields are next to a car-packed parking lot.
The parking lot of the baseball stadium was crowded with cars.
The parking lot next to the baseball field was crowded with cars.
Some white houses are beside the bare fields.
Some white houses are located beside the bare fields.
The red land was full of traces of cars.
There are traces of cars on red clay.
A truck is working on the red field .
The tree is on one side of the baseball field.
A tree is on one side of the baseball field.
A gray, tracked road was on one side of a baseball field .
There are three blue houses on one side of the baseball field.
There are three blue houses on one side of a baseball field.
The airport is close to a large area of black water.
A large piece of black water near the airport.
The airport near a large piece of black water.
The airport is near Big Blackwater.
The airport is close to a big black water.
The beach and the surging waves.
The sea is blue and the waves are white.
The sea is blue and the waves are white.
The sea is blue and the waves are white.
The beach and the surging waves.
the fan shaped baseball field occupies a pentagonal field .
There are some blocks and a polygonal baseball field bracket.
Polygonal baseball field, surrounded by blocks and stands.
It is a polygonal baseball field with some houses around it.
This is a polygonal baseball field with several houses around it.
Two white cars were parked on the red-brown ground.
Two white cars were parked on the reddish-brown ground.
Next to the reddish-brown fields are green plant belts.
Next to the reddish-brown field is a belt of green plants.
Next to the reddish-brown fields are green plants.
Four red and green baseball fields are surrounded by perfect circles.
The four red and green baseball fields form a perfect circle.
The four baseball fields are surrounded by a gray circular path.
A gray circular path surrounds the four baseball fields.
A gray circular path surrounding four baseball fields.
The yellow ribbon is close to the blue ocean and some white waves.
The yellow ribbon beach is close to the blue ocean and some white waves.
A yellow ribbon beach, near the blue sea and some white waves.
The yellow ribbon beach clings to the blue ocean and white waves.
The yellow ribbon beach is close to the blue ocean and some white waves.
The top of the beach beside the dark blue sea is woven.
The beach beside the dark blue sea landed like a weaver.
People on the beach near the dark blue sea are like cloth.
The upper reaches of the beach next to the dark blue sea are weaving.
People on the dark blue seaside are like weavers.
there is a vast tract of huge bare rock hills surrounded by maroon soil .
There are vague red and yellow patterns on the wasteland.
There is a vague pattern of red and yellow on the moor.
reddish brown land and light yellow lands blended together on this bareland .
it is a piece of khaki and gray irregular bareland .
several aeroplanes are on the parking apron  which is located between terminal building and weblike flight paths .
the airport has a ploygon main building  with netlike roads runways decorated with lawns .
a white airport with some cross road .
the polygonal passenger termial building is surrounded by crossing runways .
many planes are parked near a large building in a large airport .
A wide two-way bridge extends to the dark blue river.
The bridge over the river is of steel structure.
The bridge across the river is made of steel.
A wide two-way bridge spans the dark blue river.
A wide two-way bridge extends along the dark blue river.
White Rectangular Building Beside Green Playground
White rectangular buildings beside the green amusement park
On one side of the playground is a white line with several cars parked.
There is a white line on one side of the playground and several cars are parked.
On the edge of a playground, there is a white line with several cars parked.
The red deck ship sailed on the dark sea.
Red deck ships floated on the dark sea.
The red boat sailed on the deep purple sea.
The red boat floated on the deep purple sea.
A red boat floated on the deep purple sea.
The dark yellow beach meets the blue sea.
The pale yellow beach meets the blue sea.
The deep yellow beach will meet the blue sea.
The deep yellow beach will meet the blue sea.
The deep yellow beach will meet the blue sea.
Two plant belts surround a square of soil.
Two plant belts surround a square of land.
There is a striking sign on the bare ground of the square.
There are obvious marks on the bare floor of the square.
There is an obvious sign on the bare ground of the square.
this is a big airport with some planes .
the ground is brown, the roads are grey and the buildings are grey .
Many planes stopped at the terminal near the runway.
Many planes are parked in the terminal near the runway.
The airport is next to a round building .
many planes are parked next to a long building in an airport .
Many planes are next to each other .
There are many planes beside a lawn .
There are many white planes around a white building .
There are quite a few planes parked beside the runway of the airport .
On one side of the green amusement park is a white rectangular building.
There is a white rectangular building on one side of a green playground.
On one side of a green playground there are two grey houses close together
The gray road separated the two gray houses from the playground.
A gray road separates the two gray houses from the playground.
Blue and dark blue waves surround the light yellow sand.
Cyan and dark blue waves surrounded the pale yellow sand.
Cyan and dark blue waves surrounded the yellowish sand.
Cyan and dark blue waves surrounded the pale yellow sand.
Cyan and dark blue waves surrounded the pale yellow sand.
There is a bridge on the river. There are several buildings and a parking lot on both sides of the bridge.
On one side of the bridge is a red house, and on the other side is a parking lot full of cars.
On one side of the bridge is a red house and on the other side is a parking lot full of cars.
There is a bridge on the river. There are many buildings and parking lots on both sides of the bridge.
There is a bridge on the river, several buildings and parking lots on both sides of the bridge.
Next to the playground is a black and white building.
There is a black and white building beside the playground.
Black and White House Between Green Grass Forest and Red Grass Forest
The black and white house between the green amusement park and the red amusement park.
On one side of a green playground is a gray parking lot and a highway
There is a narrow black-and-white piece of cotton parallel to the coast.
It is a long, cotton-like black and white block parallel to the coastline.
a rock line divided the sea into two parts .
the water with the dam in it is gently patting the beach which has a lawn at its coner .
a road is in a piece of water near a yellow beach like a ribbon .
On one side of the road is a light blue river.
On one side of the bifurcation road is a light blue river.
On one side of the third road are red buildings and on the other side are gray high-rise buildings.
On one side of Three Links Street is a red building and on the other side is a tall gray building.
On one side of a three-way street are red buildings and on the other side are gray tall buildings.
the terrene ruts form into a triangle .
The wasteland was divided into rough fields.
The wasteland was divided into several rugged fields.
three dirt roads joint together formed a triangle area in the cneter of the coner and two houses are at the coner .
a blue building is near a piece of irregular khaki bareland .
Two orange tennis courts are adjacent to the football field.
Two orange tennis courts are adjacent to a football field.
Two orange tennis courts and gray houses side by side.
Two orange tennis courts and side-by-side gray houses.
Two orange tennis courts and a gray house are next to each other.
On one side of the intersection are white buildings on the other two gray roads.
An intersection was crossed by a gray highway
Two parallel roads pass through a gray road, which diverges at the intersection.
Two parallel roads pass through the gray road that diverges at the intersection.
On one side of an intersection is a white building, on the other two gray streets
On this bare ground, several buildings and small paths have been built.
Several buildings and paths have been built on this bare land.
Many buildings and some paths were built on this bare land.
several dirt roads stretches across the bareland which is decorated with several trees on its coner .
it is a piece of irregular khaki bareland .
Two baseball fields surrounded by green trees are near the highway.
Two green baseball fields are close to the road.
Next to the two baseball fields, there is a wide gray train track.
Next to the two baseball fields is a wide gray railway track.
Next to the two baseball fields is a wide gray train track.
The dark green bridge berthed the three ships side by side.
Three ships were moored side by side on the dark green bridge.
Three ships were parked side by side on the dark green deck.
There are several trees on both sides of the dark green bridge.
There are several trees on both sides of the bridge, both of which are dark green.
The black ship sailed fast on the Black Sea.
A black ship moved rapidly on the calm sea.
A black boat swam fast on the Black Sea.
The black ship swam fast in the Black Sea.
On the calm sea, there was a small black boat sailing.
there are two football fields on the baseball fields surrounded by trees .
there is a baseball field and two football courts surrounded by some trees and lighting poles .
a yellow baseball field beside two footballfields .
two football courts are surrounding the baseballfield .
a baseball field is surrounded by several sparsely distributed green trees .
The road at an intersection was lined with trees and empty .
On both sides of the intersection are empty parking lots and baseball fields.
On both sides of the intersection are empty parking lots and two tennis courts.
There is an empty parking lot and two tennis courts on both sides of the intersection.
There is an empty parking lot and baseball field on both sides of the intersection.
